me too I got a question Richard make
plans again with the guys yeah well Ross
just made plans for the whole century
you know what I think when I go to my
room and read Cosmo maybe there's
something helpful in there at least
maybe I can learn how to do an at-home
bikini wax with leftover Christmas
candles
okay what the hell happened back there I
don't know you tell me
one minute I'm holding been like a
football the next thing I know I've got
two kids I'm living in Scarsdale
complaining about the Texas I'm sorry I
think about stuff you know I mean you're
at work you're assembling bones your
mind wanders so you have planned out the
next 20 years of our lives we've been
dating for six weeks
oh come on but you never think about our
future yes buddy who's a partner we're
gonna sleep at tomorrow night and and
where we're getting dinner next Saturday
night I do not think about what our
children's names are gonna be you know
what our children's names are gonna be
no no I mean you know Hawaii I've read a
book and there was a girl named Emily
and I thought I thought that might be
good what was the book a big book of
children's name what we have is amazing
yeah but I do not want to have
everything decided for me I spent my
whole life like that it's what I had
with Barry that was one of the reasons I
left I like not knowing right now and
I'm sorry if that scares you but if you
want to be with me you're gonna have to
deal with that okay
fine thank you we're not done I didn't
know that
you're gonna have to understand that
you're with a guy who's not gonna stop
planning his future with you because he
knows we're gonna end up together if
that scares you tough
cuz you're gonna have to deal with that
fine I will do it cuz I love you oh yeah
yeah well I love you too well that's the
first time we've said that yes it is
well I'm gonna kiss you well you better